0.14 updates (#179)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/coach/quizzes.rst

#. Select the desired quiz from the list in the **Quizzes** subtab.
#. Click the :guilabel:`OPTIONS` button and select the **Edit details** option.

> #. Select the learners and group(s) to whom you wish to assign the quiz under the *Recipients* heading.

Reviewer: Maybe this is simpler

```suggestion
#. Select the learners and groups to whom you wish to assign the quiz under the *Recipients* heading.
```
